---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "deltastream-dataplane_eks Resource - deltastream-dataplane"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EKS Dataplane resource
---

# deltastream-dataplane_eks (Resource)

EKS Dataplane resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "deltastream-dataplane_eks" "deltastream" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `assume_role` (Attributes) Assume role configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assume_role))
- `cluster_configuration` (Attributes) Cluster configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assume_role`

Optional:

- `region` (String) The AWS region to use for the assume role.
- `role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM Role to assume prior to making API calls.
- `session_name` (String) An identifier for the assumed role session.


<a id="nestedatt--cluster_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_configuration`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID hosting the DeltaStream dataplane.
- `api_hostname` (String) The hostname of the dataplane API endpoint.
- `api_subnet_mode` (String) The subnet mode for dataplane API endpoint.
- `api_tls_mode` (String) The TLS/HTTPS mode for dataplane API endpoint.
- `aws_secrets_manager_ro_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for reading secrets from AWS secrets manager.
- `cw2loki_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing CloudWatch-Loki resources.
- `deadman_alert_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing deadman alert resources.
- `dp_manager_cp_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the control plane role to assume for data plane to control plane communication (provided by DeltaStream)
- `dp_manager_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing dataplane resources.
- `ds_account_id` (String) The account ID provided by DeltaStream.
- `ds_cross_account_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role for provising trust when accessing customer provided resources.
- `ecr_readonly_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for read-only access to ECR.
- `infra_id` (String) The infra ID of the DeltaStream dataplane (provided by DeltaStream).
- `infra_index` (String) The infra index of the DeltaStream dataplane (provided by DeltaStream).
- `infra_manager_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing infra resources.
- `interruption_queue_name` (String) The name of the SQS queue for handling interruption events.
- `karpenter_irsa_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing Karpenter IRSA resources.
- `karpenter_role_name` (String) The name of the role to assume for managing Karpenter resources.
- `loki_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing Loki resources.
- `metrics_push_proxy_url` (String) The URL of the metrics push proxy.
- `o11y_hostname` (String) The hostname of the observability endpoint.
- `o11y_subnet_mode` (String) The subnet mode for observability endpoint.
- `o11y_tls_mode` (String) The TLS/HTTPS mode for observability endpoint.
- `product_artifacts_bucket` (String) The S3 bucket for storing DeltaStream product artifacts.
- `product_version` (String) The version of the DeltaStream product. (provided by DeltaStream)
- `resource_id` (String) The resource ID of the DeltaStream dataplane (provided by DeltaStream).
- `store_proxy_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume to facilitate connection to customer stores.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The private subnet IDs hosting nodes for this cluster.
- `tempo_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing Tempo resources.
- `thanos_sidecar_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing Thanos sidecar resources.
- `thanos_store_bucket_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing Thanos store bucket resources.
- `thanos_store_compactor_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing Thanos storage compactor resources.
- `thanos_store_gateway_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing Thanos storage gateway resources.
- `vault_init_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for configuring credential vault.
- `vault_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for credential vault resources.
- `vpc_cidr` (String) The CIDR of the VPC.
- `vpc_dns_ip` (String) The VPC DNS server IP address.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID of the cluster.
- `vpc_private_subnets` (List of String) The private subnet IDs of the private links from dataplane VPC.
- `workload_credentials_mode` (String) The mode for managing workload credentials.

Optional:

- `api_tls_certificate_arn` (String) The ARN of the TLS certificate for the dataplane API endpoint.
- `cluster_index` (Number) The index of the cluster (provided by DeltaStream).
- `o11y_tls_certificate_arn` (String) The ARN of the TLS certificate for the observability endpoint.
- `stack` (String) The type of DeltaStream dataplane (default: prod).
- `workload_credentials_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role to assume for managing workload credentials if running in role iammode.
- `workload_credentials_secret` (String) The name of the secret containing workload credentials if running in secret mode.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `product_version` (String) The version of the DeltaStream product installed on the dataplane.
- `provider_version` (String) The version of the DeltaStream provider used to install the dataplane.
- `updated_at` (String) The time the dataplane was last updated.
